Document for unnamed construction (#64)
tarao/record4s: docs/extensible-records.md

val person = %(name = "tarao", age = 3)
```

> In addition, you can omit field name when field name is same as variable name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, you can omit field names when they are the same as variable names.
```
